hi hi my favorite followers
Today I have another package wrapped
watches watches flew yo black
who wanted to see here will be
at the top of the reference are disposable watches and such
how mint I already received them I promised you
make a video on black ordered from
another supplier since that moment
was not my
they flew a little longer well here
look
parcel flew 26 0 5 15
today is the ninth they are my 9
today june package was not tracked
the supplier checked at it
I ordered earlier other watches
the company that sells their watch
so much so if you will
order do not worry without tracks
fly too fast
here is the window wrapped in a pimple
so that they do not beat and in the first hours
if you remember there was no marking
look these are all labeled
I could have been born Chinese Ruza
but I ordered black
and I flew gray
embarrassment will have to open a dispute
participants working hours and minutes also
there are days of the week
so they switch clamped tight
minutes turned on this one for unpleasant
but that's okay open dispute who
I can't teach a dispute
everything is solved quickly so interesting
watch for any hand adjustment
going on as i explained in this
pull this chicken take a diameter
hands cut off the unnecessary part of the plastic and
In the same way, insert the clip on
place and here it is on a magnet
they look cool on hand fits
on any hand
waterproof dark beautifully
it looks like there are about 10 of them
colors
who will be interested in the last video
colors of which there are data of the watch
thanks for staying with me
subscribe to my channel put
fingers up bye bye